Question 1:
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file
help me to see the bug introduced?

Answer 1:
Viewing the diff allowed me to qiuckly scan additions, deletions, and changes
to the file, which meant I could look only for additions and deletions
to find a place where a new word was mispelled.

Question 2:
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you
a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Answer 2:
A) It would be easier to revert to a "working" version to help find a 
bug in a "non working" version.
B) You could easily re-visit past ideas that were discarded instead
of re-inventing the wheel.

Question 3:
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create 
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved,
like Google Docs does?

Answer 3:
Manual pros: total control over what is committed, theoretically perfect
with effort
Manual cons: have to remember to commit and use judgement on when to commit
Auto pros: will always have commits, therefore history
Auto cons: commits may not make logical sense (either too big or too small
or not at a logical commit place)

Question 4:
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Answer 4:
Short answer: because they are used for different purposes.  Git, which is
used for programming, allows saving multiple files in one commit because that
feature is useful for programming projects, which often have many
interrelated files.

Question 5:
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Answer 5:
Git log shows you the "commit history", and, using the commit IDs of two
commits in the commit history, git diff will show you the difference
between two commits.

Question 6:
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that could break something?

Answer 6:
You can always revert to the old version!

Question 7:
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Answer 7:
To help me become the best version of myself.